[SOAR-9030] - IDR Enum Bug fix (#1460)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: plugins/rapid7_insightidr/help.md

# Version History

> * 4.1.1 - Fix issue with endpoint agent enum 

Reviewer: Can you please include the action name and also more details about the issue that is fixed?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.1.1 - Advanced Query on Log Set Action: Updated  EndPoint Agent to Endpoint Agent in log_set
```
